Update the readme in core for the UI and update the UI readme (#1061)
ministryofjustice/bichard7-next-core: packages/e2e-test/README.md

# @moj-bichard7/e2e-tests

This package contains the end-to-end and characterisation tests to run against Bichard in order to validate functionality.

## Contents

- [@moj-bichard7/e2e-tests](#moj-bichard7e2e-tests)

>   - [Contents](#contents)

Reviewer: Same here, I don't think these are useful.

Once the stack is up and running, you can run the following commands to run the tests:

```bash
npm install
npm run test
```

If you get an error which looks like:

```bash
Error: Could not find expected browser (chrome) locally.
```

Run `npm install` to download the correct Chromium revision (856583), then run `node node_modules/puppeteer/install.js`.

#### Cucumber test individual features

> To run a Cucumber test locally we need to have all docker images built and running. We need any of the latest changes.
> 
> For example, if we want to test a change in the Next UI, we need to kill the current docker container for the UI. Build
> a new docker image that contains the new changes. And then boot it up from the root of the core directory using `npm run all`.
> 
> We can then run this command:

Reviewer: In general, if there are steps then we should use numbered bullet points to make it easier to follow and read.

```suggestion
To run a Cucumber test locally you need to have all Docker images built and running with the latest changes.

For example, if you want to test a change in the Next UI:

1. Kill the current Docker container for the UI.
1. [Build a new Docker image that contains the new changes](https://github.com/ministryofjustice/bichard7-next-core/blob/main/packages/ui/README.md#building-the-docker-image). 1. Run `npm run all` at the root of the Core repository to boot everything up again.

You can then run this command:
```
